Feature/12 hugo conversion (#14)
Cov-ComSec/Cov-ComSec.github.io: content/posts/ziemni/index.md

---
title: "Graduate Talks - Ziemni"
date: 2020-10-28T12:40:28+01:00
lastmod: 2021-05-29T12:40:28+01:00
draft: false
description: "This week, we had a talk by a graduate student about his experiences and the importance of practise and CTF competitions. "

tags: ["talk", "HTB", "Graduate", "Ziemni" ]
categories: ["Academic Year 2020-21"]

author: "Jack Orcherton" 
authorLink: "https://jackorcherton.github.io"

---

> This week we had a presentation by a graduate student, Ziemni. He is currently studying Masters of Cybersecurity Management & is frequently in the Hack the Box top 10. He details how he has developed himself throughout his time at Coventry University & the importance of practicing hacking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week we had a presentation by a graduate student, Ziemni. He is currently studying for a Masters in Cybersecurity Management & is frequently in the HackTheBox top 10. He details how he has improved himself throughout his time at Coventry University & the importance of practising hacking.
```
